h1. Database Settings

Recommended database settings for cc7.

|*Database*    |*Collation*         |*Charset*    |*Small text type*    |*Large text type*    |*Notes*        |
|MySQL         |utf8_bin            |utf8         |?                    |?                    |See #883.      |
|SQL Server    |Latin1_General_CS_AS|-            |nchar,nvarchar       |nvarchar(max)        |See #883, #928.|
|Oracle        |?                   |AL32UTF8     |varchar2             |clob                 |See #548.      |


h2.  Notes

h3. Oracle

We should also set NLS_LENGTH_SEMANTICS to CHAR.

<hr>

h2. General advice

* Your database should be created with a Unicode charset and a case sensitive collation.
* Your JDBC connection should use a Unicode charset for sending text data to the database.
* Your database should be configured to support XA transactions.
* _Transaction Isolation_?

h2. MySQL

* Use the UTF8 charset and a binary collation: @CREATE DATABASE 'CCC' CHARACTER SET utf8 COLLATE utf8_bin@
* When using JDBC you should use UTF-8 character encoding: @jdbc:mysql://localhost:3306/CCC?characterEncoding=UTF-8@
* Further reading:
** "A list of MySQL JDBC driver properties":http://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.0/en/connector-j-reference-configuration-properties.html

h2. Oracle

* Suggested Oracle settings:
|NLS_CHARACTERSET|AL32UTF8|
|NLS_LENGTH_SEMANTICS|CHAR|
|NLS_SORT|BINARY|
* You can check the NLS parameters by issuing the following query: @select * from v$nls_parameters@
* Further reading:
** "Choosing a Character Set":http://download.oracle.com/docs/cd/B10501_01/server.920/a96529/ch2.htm.
** "Supporting Multilingual Databases with Unicode":http://download.oracle.com/docs/cd/B10501_01/server.920/a96529/ch5.htm.
** "Programming Java in a Global Environment":http://download.oracle.com/docs/cd/B10501_01/server.920/a96529/ch9.htm.
** "Collation in Oracle using NLS_SORT":http://www.lessanvaezi.com/collation-in-oracle-using-nls_sort/.

h2. SQL Server 2008

* Select a collation with the '_CS' suffix: <br>@alter database CCC set single_user with rollback immediate;@<br>@alter database CCC collate Latin1_General_CS_AS;@<br>@alter database CCC set multi_user;@
* For binary collations on Unicode data types, the locale is not considered in data sorts. For example, Latin_1_General_BIN and Japanese_BIN yield identical sorting results when they are used on Unicode data ("http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms143726.aspx":http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms143726.aspx).
* When Unicode data must be inserted into non-Unicode columns, the columns are internally converted from Unicode by using the "WideCharToMultiByte API":http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/dd374130(VS.85).aspx ("http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb330962(SQL.90).aspx":http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb330962(SQL.90).aspx).
* Further reading on SQL Server collation:
** "http://stackoverflow.com/questions/485359/t-sql-how-do-i-create-a-unique-key-that-is-case-sensitive":http://stackoverflow.com/questions/485359/t-sql-how-do-i-create-a-unique-key-that-is-case-sensitive.
** "http://weblogs.sqlteam.com/dang/archive/2009/07/26/Collation-Hell-Part-1.aspx":http://weblogs.sqlteam.com/dang/archive/2009/07/26/Collation-Hell-Part-1.aspx.
** "International Features in Microsoft SQL Server 2005":http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb330962(SQL.90).aspx.
** "Unicode-only collations":http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/cc879307.aspx. 
** "Working with Unicode data":http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms175180(SQL.90).aspx.
** "Working with Collations":http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms187582(SQL.90).aspx. 
** "Collation Options and International Support (2005)":http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms143503(SQL.90).aspx.
** "Collation Options and International Support (2008)":http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms143503.aspx.
** "List of SQL Server collations":http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms188046.aspx. 
** "UTF-16 Encoding and SQL Server":http://blogs.msdn.com/qingsongyao/archive/2009/02.aspx.
** "SQL Server JDBC Driver 3.0 Documentation":http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/dd631800(SQL.10).aspx.
** "SQL Server JDBC Connection Properties":http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms378988.aspx.
** "International Features of the JDBC Driver":http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms378857.aspx.