h2. Users

Creates a new admin user with the specified name, password and email. Used to create the first user of the site.

@ccc.cli.Users@

|*option*|*usage*|
|-u|Username for connecting to CCC DB.|
|-p|Password for connecting to CCC DB.|
|-c|Connection string for the DB.|
|-nu|Username of the user to create.|
|-np|Password of the user to create.|
|-ne|Email of the user to create.|

@java -cp shell-tools-7.1.7-jar-with-dependencies.jar ccc.cli.Users -c jdbc:mysql://localhost:3306/cc7 -ne admin@example.com -np admin -nu admin -p cc7 -u cc7@

h2. Create

Sets up default folder structure for the site.

@ccc.cli.Create@

|*option*|*usage*|
|-u|Username for connecting to CC.|
|-p|Password for connecting to CC.|
|-a|The JNDI application name. Corresponds to the name of the ear file (cc7.ear). Normally this value is 'cc7'.|
|-jn|optional JNDI provider IP address, defaults to localhost|

@java -cp shell-tools-7.1.7-jar-with-dependencies.jar ccc.cli.Create -a cc7 -p admin -u admin -jn 127.0.0.1:1099@

h2. Settings

Updates file store and lucene path settings.

@ccc.cli.Settings@

|*option*|*usage*|
|-u|Username for connecting to CC DB.|
|-p|Password for connecting to CC DB.|
|-c|Connection string for the DB.|
|-path|Path for the file store and lucene index directories.|

@java -cp shell-tools-7.1.7-jar-with-dependencies.jar ccc.cli.Settings -c jdbc:mysql://localhost:3306/cc7 -p admin -u admin -path /var/cc7/@

h2. Search

Controls Lucene search indexing scheduler.

@ccc.cli.Search@

|*option*|*usage*|
|-u|Username for connecting to CC.|
|-p|Password for connecting to CC.|
|-b|Base URL for the application.|
|-c|Action.|

Possible actions:
* start - Start the search indexing scheduler
* stop - Stop the search indexing scheduler
* running - Status of the search indexing scheduler

@java -cp shell-tools-7.1.7-jar-with-dependencies.jar ccc.cli.Search -b http://localhost/cc7 -p admin -u admin -c start@

h2. Scheduling

Controls action scheduler.

@ccc.cli.Scheduling@

|*option*|*usage*|
|-u|Username for connecting to CC.|
|-p|Password for connecting to CC.|
|-b|Base URL for the application.|
|-c|Action.|

Possible actions:
* start - Start the action scheduler
* stop - Stop the action scheduler
* running - Status of the action scheduler

@java -cp shell-tools-7.1.7-jar-with-dependencies.jar ccc.cli.Scheduling  -b http://localhost/cc7 -p admin -u admin -c start@

h2. Schema

Build the CCC database schema.

@ccc.cli.Schema@

|*option*|*usage</strong>*|
|-u|Username for connecting to the DB schema.|
|-p|Password for connecting to the DB schema.|
|-c|Connection string for the DB.|
|-v|Version of the database to build.</i>|
|-d|Drop existing tables first.|

@java -cp shell-tools-7.1.7-jar-with-dependencies.jar ccc.cli.Schema -c jdbc:mysql://localhost:3306/cc7 -p admin -u admin -v 1@
