h1. Accessibility in CCC7


h2. Scope

* We won't aim to make the content creator application accessible.
* We will engineer to ensure that we can build accessible web applications, delivered via CCC7.

h2. Solution

* We will output standards compliant XHTML in the UTF-8 character encoding.
* We will aim to generate XHTML that is easily understood by screen readers.
* We'll provide a capability to enlarge the size of text on a page.
* We'll provide the ability to switch to a low-graphics version of the site.

h2. Technical implementation

* We must choose an implementation that is aligned with our goals in terms of caching, session mgmt, etc.
* Storing flags such as 'loRes=true' in the session state has implications when clustering.
* Returning varying responses for the same logical page precludes the ability to cache pages externally (ie ?style=foo not '#foo').
* Ideally we will enable css-switching, text size params via query params or base url (e.g. host/lores/friendly/url).
 
h3. Further reading

* ARIA support in GWT:
** "Issue tracker entry":"http://code.google.com/p/google-web-toolkit/issues/detail?id=289":http://code.google.com/p/google-web-toolkit/issues/detail?id=289
** "Google groups":"http://groups.google.com/group/Google-Web-Toolkit-Contributors/browse_thread/thread/d6e13588e0610970":http://groups.google.com/group/Google-Web-Toolkit-Contributors/browse_thread/thread/d6e13588e0610970
** "Official docs":"http://code.google.com/docreader/#p(google-web-toolkit-doc-1-5)s(google-web-toolkit-doc-1-5)t(ReleaseNotes_1_5_Ui)":http://code.google.com/docreader/#p(google-web-toolkit-doc-1-5)s(google-web-toolkit-doc-1-5)t(ReleaseNotes_1_5_Ui)
** Summary: only supports ARIA for Firefox 3 Firefox 2 (with plugin).