h1. Configuration Management Strategy

_This page describes how CC files are organised under configuration management_.

h2. The basics

# All new features will be added on the trunk.
# A branch will created for each minor release.
# Breaking changes may not be committed to a branch (API, DB schema, etc).

h2. Tagging

A tag will be created:
# at the end of each iteration (tags will be named 'iteration-n' where n is the iteration number).
# for each release (tags will be named 'release-version' where version is the version number in major.minor.bugfix format).

h2. Branches

* A branch will be created for each minor release (7.0, 7.1, 7.2, etc.).
* Branches will be named 'maintenance-major.minor'.

h2. Fixing bugs

* Bug fixes should always happen in the branch of the earliest, active, affected minor revision.
* The bug fix should then be merged forward into the branches of each subsequent revision, as necessary.
* The bug fix should also be merged forward into the trunk, if necessary.

h2. Making a hot-fix

* Hot-fixes are binaries built to resolve a specific issue in a specific release.
* A tag should be created for each hot-fix.
* Hot-fix tags should have the following naming convention: 'hotfix-major.minor-svn_revision'.

h2. References

* http://www.targetprocess.com/blog/2008/04/should-we-have-parallel-releases-and.html
* http://www.cmcrossroads.com/bradapp/acme/branching/
* http://tech.puredanger.com/2008/06/03/release-and-branching-strategies/
* http://csdl.computer.org/comp/mags/co/2003/01/r1011.pdf
* http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/