h1. Code Style for Java

In general we will use "Sun's coding standards":http://java.sun.com/docs/codeconv/html/CodeConvTOC.doc.html for CCC7. The style guidelines are enforced using the checkstyle tool. Our checkstyle configuration can be found in svn at the relative path 'build/configuration/checkstyle.xml'. Extensions or deviations will be documented below.

h2. Whitespace

Four spaces should be used as the unit of indentation.

h2. Comments

Comments are often neglected, largely because developers are unclear about:

* what they should write
* how the javadoc tags work

Sun provides excellent advice on javadoc usage:
* "http://java.sun.com/j2se/javadoc/writingdoccomments/index.html":http://java.sun.com/j2se/javadoc/writingdoccomments/index.html
* "http://java.sun.com/j2se/1.5.0/docs/tooldocs/windows/javadoc.html":http://java.sun.com/j2se/1.5.0/docs/tooldocs/windows/javadoc.html
* "http://java.sun.com/j2se/javadoc/index.jsp":http://java.sun.com/j2se/javadoc/index.jsp

A comment is required for each type (class, interface, enum) and for each non-private type member.

h2. Java 5 specific

* Always provide types for generic types.
* Always narrow return types if possible.
* Always prefer the enhanced for loop.

h2. Text file format

* All text files should be saved with UTF-8 encoding.
* All line should end with a single (unix style) line feed character.
* All lines should be limited to 80 characters in width.

h2. Other style guidelines that we have consulted

* "GWT style guide":http://code.google.com/webtoolkit/makinggwtbetter.html#codestyle
* "Checkstyle guide":http://checkstyle.sourceforge.net/
