h1. Code Style for SQL

h2. General advice

* Be explicit when writing queries. This makes it easier for others to understand the intent of your query; also, it prevents errors when a schema changes, causing assumptions to no longer be true.

h2. Indentation

* Place each clause on a new line:
bc. select column ...
from ...
where ...
group by ...
order by ...

* If a line is too long, place each argument to a clause on a new line and indent:
bc. select
    column1,
    column2,
    column3,
    column4,
from ...
where ...

* Always indent sub-clauses:
bc. select column ...
from ...
    inner join ...
    inner join ...
    left outer join ...
where ...

* Indent subqueries, keep parentheses on the same line:
bc. select column ...
from ...
    inner join (
        select column ...
        from table ...
    ) as x ...
    inner join ...
    left outer join ...
where ...

h2. Case

* Write language keywords ('SELECT', 'WHERE', etc.) in uppercase.
* Write object names ('my_table', 'my_function', etc.) in lowercase.

Some databases can be case-sensitive with respect to object names, so consistency is key.

h2. Object names

* Table names should be written in the plural (ie 'pages' not 'page').
* Column names should not be prefixed by the table name (ie 'title' not 'page_title').
* Use underscores to separate words (eg 'my_table').
* Avoid using reserved words as object names - even if the database permits it. If you are unsure about an object name "check it first":http://www.petefreitag.com/tools/sql_reserved_words_checker/.
* Avoid "Hungarian notation":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hungarian_notation.

h2. Joins

* Prefer a join clause over a where clause when performing a join.
* Always explicitly name the tables in each clause.

h2. Text file format

* All text files should be saved with UTF-8 encoding.
* All lines should end with a single (unix-style) line feed character.
* All lines should be limited to 80 characters in width.
* All indents should be 4 spaces.

h2. References

* "Xaprb":http://www.xaprb.com/blog/2006/04/26/sql-coding-standards/
* "Drupal SQL Coding Conventions":http://drupal.org/node/2497