h1. Content Control Manual

h2. Summary

Content Control is a Java, J2EE open source content management system (CMS) which is platform and database independent.

Content Control is licenced under the General Public Licence version 3 (GPL3) to allow developers to expand, share, modify and publish new variations. Platform independence allows Content Control to be utilised across various browsers (IE, Firefox & Safari) and systems (Windows, Solaris, Linux, OSX) allowing users and developers complete freedom to create and utilise the CMS with ease and variation.

Features:
* Create & update resources (folders / pages / templates / aliases & text files)
* Upload any file
* Preview resources
* Rename / move resources
* Delete resources
* Resource history with version control
* Working copy support for files and pages
* Resource metadata management
* Resource cache control
* Scheduled actions
* Flexible templating
* Resource lock / unlock
* Resource publish / unpublish
* Access control for resources
* Friendly URLs
* Lucene based site search
* User management
* Zero install, browser-based management interface.
* Command line management tools

h2. Contents

* "Administration":administration/index.html
* "Build":build/api.html
* "Editing":CCC7_UserManual.htm
* "Release Notes":release-notes/index.html

h2. Authors

* "Civic Computing Ltd.":http://www.civicuk.com

h2. Extents

All documents in or below this folder are considered a part of the Content Control manual and are licensed as described in the 'Licence' section below.

h2. Licence

Copyright © 2011 Civic Computing Ltd.

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts. A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU Free Documentation License".