h1. Reporting Bugs

*Purpose*: This page describes how to report a bug in CCC7.

h2. Where to report the bug

Bugs can be emailed to "bugs@contentcontrol.com":mailto:bugs@contentcontrol.com.

h2. What information to include

# *What were you trying to do*?<br>e.g. _Create a page_ or _Move a folder_, etc.
# *What steps did you perform*?<br>For example:
## _Opened the 'create page' form_.
## _Set the title to 'foo'_.
## _Clicked the save button_.
# *What did you expect to happen*?<br>e.g. _Page saved, UI updated_.
# *What was the error that you received*?<br>e.g. _An error dialog appeared with the message "An unexpected error occurred"_.

h2. Notes

* The purpose of the information requested above is to allow us to reproduce the bug. If we can't reproduce the bug, it is very hard to fix. One-liner bug reports such as 'Create page is broken' will be ignored.
* _Be specific_. If you can do the same thing two different ways, state which one you used. "I selected Load" might mean "I clicked on Load" or "I pressed Alt-L".
* _Be verbose_. Give more information rather than less. If you say too much, we can ignore some of it. If you say too little, we have to come back and ask more questions.
* _Be careful of pronouns_. Don't use words like "it", or references like "the edit user dialog", when it's unclear what they mean. Consider this: "I started FooApp. It put up a warning window. I tried to close it and it crashed." It isn't clear what the user tried to close. Did they try to close the warning window, or the whole of FooApp? It makes a difference. Instead, you could say "I started FooApp, which put up a warning window. I tried to close the warning window, and FooApp crashed." This is longer and more repetitive, but also clearer and less easy to misunderstand.
* _Read what you wrote_. Read the report back to yourself, and see if you think it's clear. If you have listed a sequence of actions which should produce the failure, try following them yourself, to see if you missed a step.
* Further detail can be found in the "following article":http://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/bugs.html.