General Points
 - All DB identifiers are type 4 UUIDs.
 - The VN column found in a number of tables is used by the ORM layer to provide optimistic offline locking and can be ignored for migration purposes.

Users
 - Each user has a record in the USERS table.
 - User groups are store in the GROUPS table.
 - A user can belong to multiple groups recorded in the USER_ROLES join table.
 - Additional user metadata may be available in the USER_METADATA table.
 - A group can be assigned 0 or more permissions, determing the commands a user can perform.

Resources
 - CC stores 6 different subtypes of resources: Aliases, Files, Folders, Pages, Searches and Templates.
 - All resources have an entry in the RESOURCES table.
 - An additional table for each resource subtype is available. Matching a record in the RESOURCE and the subtype table can be achieved by joining on their respective ID columns.
 - Resources are stored hierarchically. A resouce's parent is specified by the PARENT_ID column.
 - Root folders have a null value for PARENT_ID.
 - The order of resources in a parent is specified by the PARENT_INDEX column.
 - For pages, files and templates a revision history is kept. Each revision is stored in the corresponding revison table, e.g. PAGE_REVISIONS.
 - The order of revisions is specified by the REVISION_NO column. Revision no's are specified by a sequence starting from 0.
 - To identify the current revsion for a subtype you should join against the subtype's ID and REVISION_NO columns.
 - Pages and files may also have a working copy specified in their respective wcopies table (e.g. PAGE_WCOPIES). However, for migration purposes these can likely be ignored.
 - File data is not stored in the database. Instead a file is written to disk with a filename corresponding to the value of the DATA_ID column from a record in the FILE_REVISIONS table.
 - CC implements soft delete. Deleted resources are identified by a non-zero / true value in the DELETED column.
 - Each revision of a page contains 0 or more paragraphs, stored in the PAGE_REVISION_PARAGRAPHS table.
 - Each paragraph has a name, a type and a value.
 - Paragraphs can be one of several types: 
   - TEXT    Stored in the VALUE_TEXT column.
   - BOOLEAN Stored in the VALUE_BOOLEAN column.
   - DATE    Stored in the VALUE_DATE column.
   - NUMBER  Encoded using java.math.BigDecimal#toString() method and stored in the VALUE_TEXT column.
   - LIST    Comma delimited and stored in the VALUE_TEXT column.
 - By default a resource is accessible to everyone. If a users / groups are assigned to a resource it will be visible only if the user matches one of assigned subjects.
 - The RESOURCE_ROLES and RESOURCE_USERS tables record the groups and users assigned to a resource, respectively.

Comments
 - Comments are stored in a single table COMMENTS.
 - Each comment refers to a resource, specified by the RESOURCE_ID column.

Actions
 - Actions are commands scheduled to execute at a later data. These can likely be ignored for migration.

